- WE HAVE DECIDED THAT IT'S BEST
IF YOU DON'T SEE ALEX ANYMORE.
- LET'S GO. YOU'RE IT.
COME ON.
- ALEX, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- IS THERE SOMETHING WRONG?
- WHY DO YOU HAVE
TO SNEAK AROUND BEHIND OUR BACK?
YOU'RE GROUNDED.
- I WAS WONDERING
IF I COULD STAY HERE
FOR A WHILE.
THEY FREAKED OUT
BECAUSE YOU'RE IN A.A.
- YOU LIED TO ME.
- I DIDN'T KNOW YOU
AND YOUR WIFE
TOLD HADDIE SHE COULDN'T SEE ME.
IF I HAD KNOWN,
I WOULDN'T HAVE SEEN HER.
- MAYBE WE MADE A MISTAKE.
- DREW, YOU KNOW,
YOUR DAD,
SETH, HE'S YOUR FATHER.
YOU HAVE A RIGHT TO MISS HIM,
AND THERE'S NO SHAME IN THAT.
SETH, YOU NEED
TO CALL YOUR SON.
[Greg Laswell's Off I Go]
- LOOSE ENDS,
THEY TANGLE DOWN
AND THEN TAKE FLIGHT
BUT NEVER TIE ME DOWN
[phone rings]
NEVER TIE ME DOWN
- HELLO.
- HEY, IT'S ADAM.
HOW ARE THINGS GOING
OVER THERE?
- OH, GOD.
I DON'T KNOW.
I'M SITTING HERE MAKING A LIST
OF WHAT MY SKILLS ARE,
WHAT I'M GONNA DO NEXT
WITH MY LIFE,
AND WHAT WAS MY DREAM,
WHAT DID I ALWAYS WANT TO DO.
AND I BELIEVE IT IS TOO LATE
TO BECOME
AN OLYMPIC FIGURE SKATER,
SO I HAVE
TO FIGURE SOMETHING ELSE OUT.
- YEAH. I MEANT HOW ARE THINGS
GOING WITH HADDIE.
- OH.
OH.
NO, YEAH, I KNOW.
UM, I DON'T KNOW.
SHE'S--SHE'S OKAY.
- YEAH, SHE AND AMBER
JUST CAME BY THIS MORNING
TO PICK UP MAX TO TAKE HIM
TO THE SCIENCE MUSEUM,
AND SHE WOULDN'T EVEN GET OUT
OF THE CAR.
THAT FELT REAL GOOD.
- YOU KNOW,
I PROMISE YOU
THIS WILL PASS.
I MEAN, IN A WAY, YOU'VE BEEN
GETTING AWAY WITH MURDER
HAVING SUCH A GOOD KID.
- I MISS HER.
- I KNOW.
- I REALLY WANT
TO LET THIS BALLOON GO.
- WHY?
WHAT IF A PLANE CRASHES INTO IT?
- I CAN, LIKE, WRITE MY NAME
AND ADDRESS ON IT.
- WHY ARE WE GOING THIS WAY?
CAN'T WE JUST GO THE OTHER WAY
AND BE AT THE CAR ALREADY?
- WELL, I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST THOUGHT
MAYBE THIS WAY WOULD BE...
SLIGHTLY QUICKER.
- ALEX!
ALEX! HE'LL HELP ME.
- OH, NO, MAX, YOU CAN'T JUST
RUN INTO THE MIDDLE OF A COURT.
- TIME OUT, GUYS.
TIME OUT. TIME OUT.
TIME OUT.
WHAT'S UP, BUDDY?
WAIT, WAIT, YOU CAN'T RUN
ON THE COURT LIKE THAT, MAN.
- REALLY?
- OKAY, WELL,
I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN.
- WE NEED TO WRITE ON THIS
MY NAME AND ADDRESS
AND THEN LET IT GO
SO THAT WHEN SOMEONE FINDS IT...
- THIS IS AWFUL.
HI, YOU GUYS.
- THANK YOU
FOR WATCHING JABBAR.
- YES, THANKS FOR WATCHING HIM.
- OF COURSE.
IT'S NOT A PROBLEM EVER.
- WE SHOULD GET GOING.
- ALL RIGHT.
- YEAH,
WHERE ARE YOU OFF TO?
YOU'RE ALL DRESSED UP,
SCHMANCY.
- OH, WELL, WE ARE GOING
TO AN ENGAGED EXPLORATION.
- OOH.
- MM-HMM.
- WHAT DOES IT ALL ENTAIL?
- WELL, WE JUST SIT DOWN FOR
A LITTLE BIT WITH THE MINISTER
FROM MY MOM'S CHURCH,
AND HE ASKS US QUESTIONS
ABOUT OUR EXPECTATIONS
OF MARRIED LIFE.
- OH, OKAY.
- IT'S REALLY NO BIG DEAL.
- OKAY.
- REALLY.
- WELL, IT SOUNDS
REALLY FASCINATING
AND A GREAT WAY...
- DOES IT?
- TO GET TO KNOW EACH OTHER.
- SEE?
- A LOT BETTER.
- MM-HMM.
- THANK YOU.
- YOU KNOW, IT'S NOT TOO LATE
TO NOT GO, THOUGH,
IF YOU WANT TO TAKE
THIS OPPORTUNITY TO STAND UP
TO YOUR MOM AND MAYBE...
- OKAY, OKAY, I KNOW
SHE CAN BE A LITTLE CONTROLLING
AT TIMES, BUT LET'S
JUST GIVE HER THIS ONE, OKAY?
- HER MOTHER
IS A LITTLE CONTROLLING.
- [laughs]
- WELL, HAVE FUN.
- YES.
- SHALL WE?
- YEAH.
LET'S GO EXPLORING.
- HAVE A GREAT TIME.
- WE ARE SO ENVIOUS.
- YEAH.
- BYE.
- OOH, DO WE HAVE OUR CAMERA?
- HE'S A GONER.
- DEAD MEAT.
- [laughs]
- HI, DAD.
- MAY GOD BLESS
AND KEEP YOU ALWAYS
AND MAY YOUR WISHES
ALL COME TRUE
MAY YOU ALWAYS DO
FOR OTHERS
AND LET OTHERS DO FOR YOU
MAY YOU BUILD A LADDER
TO THE STARS
AND CLIMB ON EVERY RUNG
AND MAY YOU STAY
FOREVER YOUNG
MAY YOU GROW UP
TO BE RIGHTEOUS
TO BE TRUE
MAY YOU ALWAYS KNOW
THE TRUTH
AND SEE THE LIGHTS
SURROUNDING YOU
MAY YOU ALWAYS BE
COURAGEOUS
STAND UPRIGHT
AND BE STRONG
AND MAY YOU STAY
FOREVER YOUNG
MAY YOU STAY
- COULD WE GET TWO ORDERS
OF SHUMAI, PLEASE?
YOU STILL LIKE DIM SUM?
- OF COURSE.
- WOW.
YOU LIKE SUSHI?
- NO, NOT REALLY.
- GOOD, DON'T BECOME
ONE OF THESE FANCY-PANTS
SUSHI DOUCHE BAGS.
DIM SUM, IT'S THE WAY TO GO.
AFFORDABLE, DELICIOUS,
AWESOM E.
- I'LL TRY.
- WOW.
LOOK AT YOU.
COME ON.
STAND UP.
LET ME GET A GOOD LOOK.
- ARE YOU SERIOUS?
- YOU FILLED OUT.
WHAT ARE YOU,
ABOUT 5'8"?
- 5'9".
- YEAH.
BASICALLYSlg'Ill-IE SAME.
LOOK AT YOU, ALL TOUGH, WIRY.
I LIKE IT.
- I'VE NEVER HEARD
ANYTHING LIKE THAT, BUT...
THANK YOU.
- HOW YOU DOING?
- UH, GOOD.
- YEAH?
- YEAH.
- YOU GOT A GIRLFRIEND?
- NO.
- NO?
HOW'S--HOW'S EVERYBODY?
HOW'S YOUR MOM?
- SHE'S GOOD. SHE WORKED FOR
UNCLE ADAM FOR A LITTLE WHILE.
ACTUALLY, WHEN DID YOU GET HERE?
- YESTERDAY.
- OH, OKAY.
- YEAH, WE TOOK OUR TIME
COMING UP THE COAST.
DID A COUPLE SHOWS
IN LA.
THEN ONE IN MERCED
ON THE WAY.
AND HERE WE ARE
BACK HOME.
- YEAH, DIDN'T YOU DO A SHOW
AT SPACELAND?
- YEAH, HOW'D YOU KNOW
ABOUT THAT?
- IT'S ON YOUR WEBSITE.
- YOU CHECKED OUT OUR WEBSITE?
THAT'S AWESOME.
WOW.
BILLY, OUR DRUMMER,
HE DOES ALL THE INTERNET STUFF,
'CAUSE I'M A COMPUTER--
YOU CHECKED OUT THE WEBSITE.
THAT'S COOL.
- YEAH.
- I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW
WHO LOOKS AT THAT STUFF.
- WELL, ME.
SO...
- WOW.
HEY, YOU WANT
TO COME SEE A SHOW?
- REALLY?
- YEAH.
YOU GOT TO.
WE GOT THIS NEW BASS PLAYER.
I MEAN, HEY LAYS IT DOWN,
BROTHER.
- YEAH, TOTALLY.
- YOU'RE GONNA COME?
- YEAH.
- THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT.
- YES, I WILL.
- ALL RIGHT. ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
YOU CAN--YOU CAN BRING
YOUR SISTER TOO IF YOU WANT.
- [laughs]
SURE.
- YOU KNOW,
IF SHE DOESN'T HATE ME.
- NO. SHE DOESN'T HATE YOU.
- YEAH?
- SERIOUSLY, NO.
- OKAY. GOOD.
ALL RIGHT, WAIT TILL YOU TRY
THIS SPRING ROLL.
AWESOME.
- BEND YOUR KNEES.
YOU GOT TO FOLLOW THROUGH.
- I GOT IT.
THANKS.
- [laughs]
- OH, SO CLOSE. OKAY.
- ALL RIGHT. GET IT AGAIN.
FACE UP!
- THANK YOU
FROM THE PEANUT GALLERY.
- [laughs]
- I CAN'T WIN.
- WELL, I GUESS
I SHOULD TELL YOU
THAT I MOVED OUT OF MY HOUSE.
- YOU WHAT?
- I MEAN,
I MOVED
TO MY GRANDPARENTS' HOUSE.
IT SOUNDS SO STUPID,
BUT I DIDN'T WANT
TO BE AROUND MY PARENTS.
I COULDN'T BE AROUND THEM.
- YOU'RE SO COMPETITIVE.
- WHAT?
- I MEAN,
I HAD A ROUGH CHILDHOOD.
YOU WANT A ROUGH CHILDHOOD.
I CAME UP HOMELESS.
YOU WANT TO BE HOMELESS.
- YOU ARE SO SELF-INVOLVED.
- YOU JUST WANT A STORY TO TELL.
I'M JUST SAYING.
JUST BE ORIGINAL.
I MEAN, JEEZ.
[laughs]
- OKAY, SO I GUESS
YOU'RE NOT MAD AT ME THEN
FOR, LIKE, COMING HERE?
- I MEAN,
HOW COULD I BE MAD AT YOU?
ALL RIGHT, I GOT TO GO.
UM...
IT WAS GOOD SEEING YOU.
- UH...
YEAH.
I MEAN, YOU TOO.
- IF YOU STAND HERE,
AND YOU JUST REALLY FEEL
THE CONNECTION--
- ALL RIGHT, LISTEN, MAX,
DON'T EVEN LISTEN TO HER.
LISTEN, SHE'S GIVING YOU
ALL THE WRONG ADVICE RIGHT NOW.
OKAY? BEND YOUR KNEES.
PUT YOUR LEI-T FOOT
IN FRONT A LITTLE BIT.
THERE IT IS RIGHT THERE.
TAKE A SHOT.
HE'S A NATURAL.
AH!
HE'S A LEI-TY.
IT'S ALL IN THE WRIST, MAX.
- I SAID THAT!
DIDN'T I SAY
IT'S ALL IN THE WRIST?
I'LL TAKE IT FROM HERE,
COACH.
ALL RIGHT, NOW,
YOU JUST REALLY WANT TO--
WHAT DID HE SAY?
JUST DO WHAT HE SAID.
- YOU'RE A TERRIBLE COACH,
AMBER.
- WHY DON'T YOU OPEN
YOUR WORKBOOKS TO PAGE FOUR?
- OKAY.
- WE DON'T, UM--
- I GOT 'EM.
- OH, WE HAVE WORKBOOKS.
- YUP. ONE FOR YOU
AND ONE FOR ME.
- SO TELL ME,
IN YOUR MARRIAGE,
WHO WILL MANAGE YOUR FINANCES?
- I WILL.
- WELL, WE--
- WHO TAKES THE LEAD
WHEN IT COMES TO DECISIONS
ABOUT YOUR CI-I'IIISIgS EDUCATION?
- HOW DO YOU PRIORITIZE THINGS?
- WELL, WE GENERALLY TALK
ABOUT--
- I MAKE A LIST.
- AND THEN SHE'LL MAKE A LIST.
- ARE YOU SAVERS OR SPENDERS?
- SAVERS.
- DO YOU HANDLE CONFLICT WELL?
- YES, WE DO.
- WELL, YOU KNOW,
WE DO...FIGHT.
WE'RE A NORMAL COUPLE.
WE ARGUE.
- YEAH, BUT THEY'RE NOT
REAL ARGUMENTS.
I MEAN,
WE ALWAYS FIGURE IT OUT.
- THEY FEEL LIKE REAL ARGUMENTS,
BUT THEY'RE NOT REAL ARGUMENTS.
- HAVE YOU BOTH CONSIDERED
WHAT RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION
YOU'LL GIVE YOUR CHILD?
- I THINK WE'RE PROBABLY GOING
TO ENCOURAGE HIM TO DECIDE,
YOU KNOW, WHAT SPIRITUAL PATH
HE'D LIKE TO TAKE,
MAKE SURE HE KNOWS
ABOUT ALL THE OPTIONS.
- YEAH, BUT HE'S A CHILD,
SO, IN THE MEANTIME,
HE'LL GO TO CHURCH HERE,
GO TO SUNDAY SCHOOL,
AND...YEAH.
- WHAT IS THE MOST IMPORTANT
THING TO YOU IN YOUR MARRIAGE?
- HONESTY.
- COMMUNICATION.
I THINK IT'S IMPORTANT
TO BE HEARD.
- GOOD.
WHAT IS YOUR VISION FOR
YOUR MARRIED LIFE IN TEN YEARS?
- TEN YEARS?
- MM-HMM.
- I DON'T KNOW WHAT
I'M GONNA BE DOING IN TEN DAYS,
MUCH LESS TEN YEARS.
- OKAY.
- I MEAN, WHAT ABOUT, LIKE,
THE POWER OF NOW
OR, YOU KNOW,
LIVING IN THE MOMENT?
- YOU ALSO HAVE TO THINK
ABOUT THE FUTURE.
YOU HAVE A SON.
IN FACT, LISTEN,
I WANT YOU EACH
TO TAKE A PENCIL
AND OPEN YOUR WORKBOOKS.
- THANK YOU.
- I WANT YOU TO DRAW A PICTURE
OF YOUR VISION.
[The Living Sisters'
Double Knots]
[vocalizing]
- I WANT TO WALK
DOWN TO THE BOULEVARD
I WANT TO BUY
A CANDY BAR
I'M GONNA DRINK
- CROSBY.
- TWO MARTINI
GO JUMP IN THE FIRE
I'M GONNA GET BURNED
- ALL RIGHT, LET'S SEE.
JASMINE.
WHY DON'T YOU SHARE
YOUR VISION
FOR YOUR MARRIAGE
IN TEN YEARS?
- MY BABY TIES ME UP
IN DOUBLE KNOTS
MY BABY
TIES ME UP IN DOUBLE KNOTS
- AH.
- OKAY, SO I SEE WITH US
WITH JABBAR
AND THREE MORE BABIES
IN A HOUSE
WITH A GARDEN.
I ALWAYS WANTED
TO HAVE FOUR KIDS.
AND THE BALLET SHOES
REPRESENT THE DANCE STUDIO
THAT I'D LIKE TO OPEN
OF MY OWN.
AND THE MONEY MEANS
THAT WE HAVE SAVINGS.
- PRAISE GOD.
THAT'S A BEAUTIFUL VISION,
JASMINE.
CROSBY.
LET'S SEE YOURS.
- YOU KNOW, I'M, UM,
I'M KIND
OF EMBARRASSED BY MINE.
I'M NOT REALLY A GOOD DRAWER.
- NO, BABY.
- THIS ISN'T
ABOUT ARTISTIC APTITUDE.
IT'S ABOUT--
IT'S ABOUT CREATING A VISION.
- THAT'S RIGHT, BABY.
A VISION.
- I'M GONNA PROVE I'M READY
TO FIGHT NOW
WANNA JUMP IN THE WATER
- THAT'S ME, OBVIOUSLY,
AND THAT'S JASMINE AND...
WE'RE WITH JABBAR
AND WE'RE ALL SMILEY,
BECAUSE, YOU KNOW,
I IMAGINE
THAT WE'RE HAPPY
IN TEN YEARS.
AND, UM...
I GUESS JABBAR SHOULD BE
A LOT TALLER.
I DON'T KNOW
WHY I MADE HIM SO SHORT.
[erasing]
YOU KNOW WHAT? I'M JUST--
I'M NOT REALLY A GOOD DRAWER.
SO...
- WHAT?
- ARE YOU CRAZY?
- AMBER, HE'S OUR DAD.
IT'S NOT LIKE HE'S SOME--
- HE'S SOME CRAZY DRUG ADDICT
THAT WE HAVEN'T SPOKEN TO--
- THAT'S WHAT I'M TRYING TO SAY
TO YOU, IS THAT HE'S CHANGED.
- SORRY, IT JUST DOESN'T WORK
THAT WAY, OKAY?
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
IT DOESN'T WORK THAT WAY?
- WHAT DO I MEAN?
I MEAN THAT I REMEMBER
SPECIFICALLY HOW THINGS WERE AT
HOME WHEN YOU WERE JUST A BABY
AND DIDN'T KNOW
WHAT WAS GOING ON.
- OKAY, LOOK, I WAS THERE TOO.
YOU WEREN'T THE ONLY ONE THERE.
- YOU WERE BARELY THERE.
YOU WERE BASICALLY A FETUS.
- AMBER, YOU'RE NOT
THAT MUCH OLDER THAN ME.
- IT DOESN'T MATTER.
I REMEMBER.
I REMEMBER THOSE THINGS.
- OKAY, WELL, SO DO I.
I HAVE MEMORIES OF HIM TOO.
- YOU DON'T KNOW.
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW
HALF THE STORY.
- THAT'S IRRELEVANT. THAT'S NOT
WHAT I'M TRYING TO SAY.
I'M NOT TRYING TO FORGIVE HIM
FOR THE PAST.
I'M JUST SAYING
THAT HE'S CHANGED NOW.
- WAIT A SECOND.
- LOOK, I ALREADY SAW HIM.
I TALKED TO HIM.
HE'S DIFFERENT.
- WHY DID HE CONTACT YOU?
- HE'S IN TOWN
BECAUSE HE'S PLAYING A SHOW,
OKAY, AND I'M GOING.
- YOU'RE ABSOLUTELY
NOT GOING TO HIS SHOW.
- YEAH, I CAN,
AND I WILL.
- IT'S SO STUPID
THAT YOU WOULD...
- WHAT IS STUPID ABOUT IT?
- EVEN WANT TO GO.
SECOND OF ALL,
MOM WILL NEVER LET YOU GO.
- I DON'T CARE
WHAT MOM THINKS
BECAUSE I'M NOT GONNA TELL HER,
SO...
- WHAT?
- OF COURSE
YOU'RE GONNA TELL HER.
- NO, I'M NOT GONNA TELL HER.
- LISTEN TO WHAT YOU'RE SAYING.
- WHAT? YOU USED TO DO THIS
ALL THE TIME.
- WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO? YOU'RE
GONNA SNEAK OUT THE WINDOW?
- I'LL DO
WHATEVER YOU USED TO DO.
- LISTEN, I'M SORRY,
BUT YOU CAN'T GO.
- WHAT ARE YOU--I MEAN,
YOU HAVE NO AUTHORITY OVER ME.
- IF YOU DON'T TELL HER,
THEN I'M GONNA TELL HER.
- NO.
- YES.
- WHY WOULD YOU TELL HER?
I NEVER USED TO RAT YOU OUT.
- BECAUSE IT'S DANGEROUS,
AND I'M NOT GONNA SIT HERE
AND BLOW SMOKE UP YOUR ASS.
- HE'S OUR FATHER.
- IT'S A SERIOUS SITUATION, AND
YOU NEED TO THINK ABOUT IT MORE.
- HEY, HEY,
WHAT IS GOING ON?
- NOTHING.
- DON'T TELL ME NOTHING.
YOU GUYS ARE SCREAMING
AT EACH OTHER.
- YEAH, WE ARE.
- WHAT IS GOING ON?
- DO YOU HAVE SOMETHING
THAT YOU NEED TO SAY?
- AMBER.
YOU KNOW WHAT, FINE.
YEAH, MOM.
DAD'S IN TOWN, OKAY?
AND I SAW HIM,
AND I WANT TO SEE HIM AGAIN.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN, YOU SAW HIM?
- I SAW HIM.
- YOU SAW HIM,
AND YOU DIDN'T TELL ME?
- NO, I DIDN'T TELL YOU.
- WHY NOT?
WHY DIDN'T HE CALL ME?
- WHY ARE YOU SO OPPOSED TO ME
HAVING A RELATIONSHIP WITH HIM?
- THIS KIND OF SNEAKING AROUND
IS VERY FAMILIAR TO ME.
- WHY DOES HE HAVE TO CALL YOU?
- IT'S VERY FAMILIAR TO ME.
- HE'S AN ADULT.
HE DOESN'T HAVE TO CALL YOU.
- HE HAS TO CALL ME
BECAUSE I HAVE TO SEE
WHAT CONDITION HE'S IN
BEFORE I ALLOW HIM TO SEE YOU.
- WHAT, DO YOU NOT TRUST ME?
- YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND.
YOU DON'T REMEMBER, OKAY?
DO YOU WANT TO GO BACK TO THE
THREE OF US LIVING IN A MOTEL?
I DON'T.
- NO, MOM.
- YOU WON'T SEE HIM AGAIN
UNTIL I TALK TO HIM.
- HE'S CHANGED.
- I AM GOING TO TALK TO HIM
BEFORE YOU SEE HIM AGAIN.
THAT'S IT.
MY GOD,
SETH IS IN TOWN.
[door slams]
- HEY, SWEETIE.
- HEY.
- HOW YOU DOING?
- OKAY.
- YOU'VE BEEN HERE
OVER A WEEK NOW.
HAVE YOU...
TALKED TO YOUR PARENTS?
- NO.
- HAVE YOU TALKED TO ALEX?
- ONCE.
- HOW'D THAT GO?
- UH, HE'S NOT GONNA DATE ME
OR SEE ME UNTIL MY PARENTS
SAY THAT IT'S OKAY.
- RIGHT. THAT'S ALEX.
- BUT IT DOESN'T MATTER,
'CAUSE THEY'RE NOT GONNA CHANGE
THEIR MINDS,
AND I DON'T FEEL
ANY DIFFERENTLY.
AND WE'RE JUST...
STUCK.
- YOU WANT TO KNOW
WHAT I THINK?
IT'S OKAY IF YOU DON'T.
I THINK
YOU SHOULD GO HOME.
- I JUST--
I DON'T THINK
THAT
THAT'S GONNA FIX ANYTHING.
- WELL...
THAT'S NOT WHY YOU GO HOME.
YOU GO
BECAUSE THEY LOVE YOU.
YOU KNOW?
YOU JUST GO BACK.
I MEAN, EVERYTHING DOESN'T HAVE
TO BE SOLVED.
IT DOESN'T WORK THAT WAY.
IT'S NOT MATH.
YOU JUST GO HOME.
- OH, OKAY, THIS IS NICE.
THAT'S NICE.
- OH, YEAH.
THAT'S BEAUTIFUL.
- OKAY, WRITE IT DOWN.
- OKAY.
- HEY, BRIDE-TO-BE,
MOM-IN-LAW-TO-BE.
- HEY.
- HEY, CROSBY.
- HOW'S IT GOING?
- PRETTY GOOD. WE'RE JUST
LOOKING AT RECEPTION MENUS.
HERE.
CHECK THIS ONE OUT.
- THAT'S REALLY NICE.
BUT, UM, I THOUGHT
WE WERE HAVING THE RECEPTION
AT MY MOM AND DAD'S.
- WELL, NOW,
THAT'S VERY SWEET, CROSBY,
BUT I'M SURE
THAT YOUR PARENTS DON'T WANT
150 PEOPLE TRAMPLING
THROUGH THEIR HOUSE.
AND EVEN IF THEY DID,
WHERE WOULD THEY ALL SIT?
- YEAH, WELL,
THEY PROBABLY WOULDN'T WANT 150,
BUT I THINK THAT'S
KIND OF WHY WE AGREED ON 40.
- WELL, 40 WAS
ALWAYS UNREALISTIC, HONEY.
- TOTALLY.
- REALLY?
- YEAH.
- AS UNREALISTIC AS 150?
- WELL, NOW, YOU KNOW
THAT I STARTED OFF
WANTING IT SMALL,
BUT, CROSBY,
YOUR FAMILY ALONE IS 40,
AND THEN OUR FAMILY IS BIG.
AND THERE'S ALL THESE PEOPLE
THAT I HAVE TO
INVITE FROM CHURCH,
SO...
- YEAH, WE'LL MAKE IT WORK.
- THIS IS VERY NICE.
- IF YOU SAY SO.
- VERY NICE.
- YEAH. [laughs]
OH, AND WE CHANGED
THE DATE TOO.
- WE CHANGED THE DATE?
- YEAH, REVEREND GORDON'S
GONNA BE OUT OF TOWN
IN OCTOBER,
SO I SAID WE COULD DO IT
IN SEPTEMBER.
- IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE
ABOUT MY WEDDING DAY
THAT YOU GUYS CHANGED?
- CROSBY, RELAX.
EVERYTHING'S GONNA BE FINE.
- YEAH, BABY, WE GOT THIS.
IT'S GONNA BE WONDERFUL.
YOU'RE GONNA LOVE IT.
- OKAY.
- TRUST ME.
- OH, LOOK AT THIS!
- LET ME SEE. LET ME SEE.
- OH, THAT'S NICE.
THAT'S IT. WRITE IT DOWN.
- OKAY. OKAY.
- WRITE IT DOWN.
PUT IT ON TOP.
- ON TOP? OKAY.
- YEAH. MM-HMM.
[rock music]
- HELLO.
- OH, HI.
I DIDN'T HEAR YOU.
- OH, SEE, WELL, NO,
I CAUGHT YOU
LOOKING AT PORN.
- OH.
- DIDN'T I?
IT'S OKAY.
EVERYBODY--
APPARENTLY THEY DID A STUDY,
AND 98% OF AMERICA
LOOKS AT PORN.
- DAD, NO, I'M NOT LOOKING
AT PORN, OKAY?
- YOU'RE NOT?
- NO.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- I WAS--
I FOUND SOME VIDEOS
OF SETH'S BAND.
I WAS JUST--
- OH. SETH.
- SEE WHAT HE'S DOING.
THEY'RE GOOD.
AND DREW'S 15.
HE'S GONNA THINK HIS FATHER'S,
LIKE, SOME SORT OF CELEBRITY.
YOU KNOW, THAT'S--
- YOU WANT ME TO GO KNOCK
SOME SENSE INTO SETH?
I WOULD LOVE TO DO THAT.
- OKAY, DAD, WELL...
- JUST ENJOY THE HECK OUT OF IT.
- OKAY.
THAT'S NOT HELPFUL, DAD.
- OKAY, LOOK IT.
UH...
I THINK I HAD A HAND
IN THE WHOLE SETH-DREW THING.
- WHY?
- BECAUSE, WELL,
AT THANKSGIVING,
I CALLED SETH,
AND I ASKED HIM TO TALK TO DREW.
- DAD, THERE'S NOTHING WRONG
WITH THAT.
I MEAN, DREW IS LONELY.
HE MISSES HIS FATHER.
AND HE SHOULD CALL HIM.
HIS FATHER SHOULD CALL HIM.
HIS FATHER SHOULD KNOW
HOW THEY'RE DOING IN SCHOOL.
WHAT THEY LIKE TO EAT.
HIS FATHER SHOULD KNOW.
BUT HE DOESN'T, YOU KNOW.
AND I DON'T KNOW
IF IT'S HE'S SICK
OR WHAT'S GOING ON.
HE'S IN TOWN.
HE DIDN'T EVEN CALL ME.
- HE DIDN'T WHAT?
- HE DIDN'T EVEN CALL ME.
- SO WHAT,
HE DIDN'T CALL YOU?
- WHAT?
- YOU WANT TO HEAR
FROM THIS GUY?
- FOR THE KIDS, DAD.
FOR THE KIDS.
- BULLCRAP.
YOU KNOW SOMETHING, SARAH,
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'VE GOT FEELINGS
FOR THIS GUY STILL.
- OH, MY GOD.
- YOU DO.
- I'M TRYING TO MAKE
THE RIGHT DECISION
AND TAKE CARE OF THE KIDS.
I DON'T HAVE FEELINGS FOR HIM.
- LET ME TELL YOU, SARAH...
I LOVE YOU.
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL,
YOU'RE GII-TED,
BUT YOU GOT THIS THING
WITH YOU NEED A RELATIONSHIP.
ALWAYS NEED SOMETHING
TO FILL WHATEVER'S GOING ON
INSIDE OF YOU
THAT'S NOT GOOD ENOUGH.
I MEAN, THIS GUY
IS A SON OF A BITCH.
- DAD, HE WAS THE LOVE
OF MY LIFE, OKAY?
BUT HE IS SICK NOW,
AND I KNOW THAT NOW.
- THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE.
- I KNOW THAT NOW.
- JUST LISTEN
TO WHAT I SAID, SARAH.
[newspaper thwacks]
- TURN THAT CRANK.
- OKAY, KEEP CRANKING.
- GOT IT?
KEEP GOING.
- HEY, YOU KNOW HOW TO SAY
ICE CREAM IN JAPANESE?
- I DO NOT.
- AISUKURIIMU.
- I THINK IT'S TIME.
- LET'S ADD IN
THE CHOCOLATE CHIPS.
- THINK IT'S READY?
- YEAH, I THINK IT'S READY.
- [sighs]
- ALL RIGHT. BE CAREFUL.
- YOU WANT TO PULL THAT UP
FOR ME, HONEY?
AND JUST SCRAPE THAT OFF.
- SUCCESS!
YES!
- THAT LOOKS REALLY GOOD.
- I'VE DECIDED
I WANT TO PLAY BASKETBALL MORE.
both: REALLY?
- YEAH.
- REALLY? THAT'S GREAT.
I WILL GO OUTSIDE AND PLAY
WITH YOU ANYTIME YOU WANT.
YOU JUST HAVE TO ASK.
- DUMP IT.
- ACTUALLY, I WANT TO PLAY
WITH ALEX.
HE'S A MUCH BETTER TEACHER
THAN YOU OR GRANDPA.
- HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?
- BECAUSE I SAW HIM
THE OTHER DAY AT THE PARK,
AND HE TAUGHT ME
HOW TO DO A LAY-UP,
AND HE LET ME WIN,
SO I WANT TO PLAY WITH HIM
MORE THAN I DO
WITH YOU AND GRANDPA.
- OKAY.
WHAT PARK?
WAS THIS--WAS THIS THE DAY
THAT YOU WENT
WITH HADDIE AND AMBER
TO THE SCIENCE MUSEUM?
- YES, BUT I'M NOT SUPPOSED
TO TELL YOU,
HADDIE SAYS,
BECAUSE SHE'D GET IN TROUBLE
BECAUSE SHE'S NOT SUPPOSED
TO BE SEEING ALEX.
- OKAY, GUYS, LET'S GET THIS
IN THE FREEZER, OKAY?
- YES.
THIS IS GONNA BE SO YUMMY.
[knock at door]
- YUP.
JUST A SECOND.
WHAT'S GOIN'--
HEY.
UM, COME ON IN.
- IS IT A BAD TIME?
- NO.
COME IN.
- I LOVE WHAT YOU'VE DONE
WITH THE PLACE.
IT LOOKS AWESOME.
- YEAH, YOU KNOW ME.
IT'S ALL ABOUT THE DECOR.
WOW.
YOU LOOK GREAT.
- NO, NO, NO.
DON'T. DON'T.
- WELL, I CAN...
I CAN OFFER YOU
SOME TAP WATER
IN A TOOTHBRUSH GLASS.
- NO VODKA FROM THE MINIBAR?
- WOW.
RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE.
- YEAH, I'M ASKING.
- OKAY.
YEAH, THAT'S FAIR.
NO MINIBAR.
- ANYTHING ELSE?
- COME ON.
- I'M SORRY.
DOES THAT HURT YOUR FEELINGS?
PLEASE.
ANYTHING ELSE?
- NO.
I'M NOT USING.
BEEN ON THE WAGON
NINE MONTHS.
- OKAY.
REALLY?
- YUP.
- OKAY.
OKAY.
- LOOK, I KNOW IT'S--
I KNOW
THIS ISN'T THE IDEAL WAY TO--
- NO, YOU'RE RIGHT.
THIS IS NOT IDEAL.
IT'S NOT THE IDEAL WAY
TO SEE EACH OTHER.
TO BE PARENTS, YOU KNOW.
IT'S JUST
A REALLY CRAPPY SURPRISE
TO FIND OUT
THAT YOU'RE SEEING DREW.
- WAIT--WAIT A MINUTE.
YOU DIDN'T KNOW
DREW WAS COMING TO SEE ME?
- WHY WOULD I KNOW?
WHY WOULD I KNOW?
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHERE YOU'VE BEEN
THE LAST COUPLE OF MONTHS.
- I'M SORRY.
HE CONTACTED ME.
I JUST--I ASSUMED
IT WAS WITH YOUR BLESSING.
I KNOW. DUMB.
- WHY WOULD YOU ASSUME THAT?
HOW SCREWED UP IS THIS?
THIS IS SO SCREWED UP.
YOU COME, YOU GO,
YOU DO WHATEVER YOU WANT.
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
HOW NUTS THIS IS?
- I KNOW.
- YOU DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T REALLY THINK YOU KNOW,
OR I DON'T THINK
YOU WOULD DO IT
AGAIN AND AGAIN.
WHAT ARE YOU EVEN DOING HERE?
- I GOT A COUPLE GIGS
IN TOWN
OVER THE NEXT FEW WEEKS AND...
- AND THE WIND IS COLD
AND YOUR WINGS HAVE BROKEN
YOUR HEART
- YOU'RE HERE FOR GIGS?
AND YOU DIDN'T EVEN CALL ME
AT LEAST TO LET ME KNOW,
TO MAKE A PLAN.
- IT'S NOT LIKE WE WERE
ON A CHATTY BASIS.
- NO, IT'S NOT LIKE
WE'RE ON A CHATTY BASIS,
BUT IT'S NOT REALLY ABOUT US,
IS IT?
- I KNOW!
I KNOW I SCREWED UP.
I KNOW THAT I SCREWED UP
A HUNDRED TIMES
IN A HUNDRED DIFFERENT WAYS.
AND IT PROBABLY DOESN'T MATTER
THAT I'M--
THAT I'M BEYOND SORRY.
I REALLY AM.
I WANT TO BE PART
OF DREW AND AMBER'S LIVES,
WHATEVER IT TAKES.
- YOU KNOW...
THAT'S A HELL OF A KID.
HE FOLLOWS US ONLINE,
THE BAND.
- OF COURSE HE DOES.
- I, UH, I INVITED HIM
TO COME SEE US PLAY.
- OH, GOSH.
- I WANT YOU TO KNOW.
OKAY, NO SURPRISES FROM NOW ON.
'CAUSE YOU'RE THE MOM.
SO YOU DECIDE.
WHATEVER--WHATEVER YOU THINK
IS RIGHT, DONE.
I'LL DO IT.
- I DON'T KNOW
WHAT'S RIGHT.
I DON'T KNOW.
I HAVE TO THINK ABOUT IT.
- OKAY.
- WITH BEER BOTTLES BREAKING
BARMAID I HEARD'S PULLED
A GUN
AND OUT TO THE BACK
- IF YOU HURT THEM AGAIN,
I'LL KILL YOU.
- AND OUT TO THE BACK
THE POET WRITES HIS SONGS
IN BLOOD
- YOU KNOW, SO WE'RE SITTING
IN HIS OFFICE,
WHICH APPARENTLY
BILLY GRAHAM DECORATED.
THERE'S CRUCIFIXES EVERYWHERE.
AND EVERY TIME
HE ASKS A QUESTION,
BOOM, SHE'S GOT AN ANSWER.
"ME. I'LL DO IT.
I'M IN CHARGE."
AND IF I SPOKE UP,
SHE CORRECTED ME
EVERY SINGLE TIME.
- ISN'T THIS
JUST SOME FORMALITY
YOU WERE DOING FOR HER MOM?
- YES, IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE
A FORMALITY.
THAT'S MY POINT.
IS I'M SITTING THERE
LISTENING TO HER
ANSWER THESE QUESTIONS,
AND I'M STARTING TO REALIZE
THAT THIS WOMAN
I'M ENGAGED TO
IS NEVER GOING TO LET ME
MAKE A SINGLE DECISION.
AND WHEN IT COMES TO OUR SON,
I'M WRONG EVERY SINGLE TIME.
HOW COULD THAT BE, ADAM?
HOW COULD I BE WRONG
EVERY SINGLE TIME?
I'M BATTING 1.000?
- YOU'RE JUST HAVING
PRE-WEDDING JITTERS.
- I'M NOT HAVING
AND IT'S NOT JUST ABOUT JABBAR.
IT'S ABOUT EVERYTHING
FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE.
I MIGHT AS WELL HAVE
A MUTE BUTTON INSTALLED.
OKAY, I'M TURNING
INTO THAT GUY.
"DO YOU WANT CHICKEN OR STEAK?"
"I DON'T KNOW.
LET ME CHECK WITH MY WIFE
AND SEE WHAT I'M ALLOWED
TO EAT THIS WEEK, ALL RIGHT?"
I DON'T WANT YOUR STOCK ANSWER
IN SUPPORT OF THE INSTITUTION
OF MARRIAGE.
I WANT YOU TO TELL ME
WHAT YOU THINK OF JASMINE.
- STOP FREAKING OUT.
I THINK THAT JASMINE
IS A STRONG WOMAN
WHO HAS STRONG OPINIONS,
AND I THINK THAT YOU CAN BE
A BIT OF A WAFFLER.
- LOOK, I'M NOT YOU,
BUT I'M DOING JUST FINE.
OKAY?
- YEAH, YOU'RE DOING JUST GREAT.
- YEAH, I MAKE THE PAYMENT
ON MY BOAT,
ON MY CAR,
ON MY MOTORCYCLE.
I PAY MY TAXES.
- DO YOU DO YOUR TAXES?
OH, I DON'T THINK SO.
I DO YOUR TAXES.
I'VE BEEN DOING YOUR TAXES--
- YOU DO EVERYONE
IN THE FAMILY'S TAXES
BECAUSE YOU'RE A CONTROL FREAK.
YOU LOVE IT.
- I'M NOT A CONTROL FREAK.
I DON'T LOVE IT.
- AND I PAY YOU.
- YOU DON'T PAY ME.
YOU GIVE ME MIXED CDS.
THAT'S HARDLY LEGAL TENDER.
ALL RIGHT,
LISTEN TO ME.
YOU'RE MAKING A COMMITMENT
TO JASMINE, ALL RIGHT,
AND YOU BOTH ARE BRINGING
DIFFERENT THINGS TO THE TABLE.
YOU'RE A LUCKY GUY,
ALL RIGHT?
SHE'S ON TOP OF THINGS.
YOU'RE NOT SO MUCH.
YOU HAVE OTHER SKILLS
THAT YOU BRING TO THE TABLE.
YOU'RE FUN,
YOU'RE SPONTANEOUS,
YOU KNOW HOW TO DIFFUSE
A SITUATION WITH HUMOR,
AND THAT'S NO SMALL THING.
I MEAN,
MAYBE SHE CAN TOUGHEN YOU UP,
AND YOU COULD SOT-TEN HER UP.
YOU'RE GONNA CHANGE EACH OTHER.
IT'S MARRIAGE.
YOU KNOW, YOU GOT TO GIVE
A LITTLE TO GET A LITTLE.
ALL RIGHT?
- YEAH. BUT I FEEL
LIKE I'M GIVING EVERYTHING.
[chatter and laughter]
- WHO TOOK
MY RUM RAISIN ICE CREAM?
- HAD TO GET A BUZZ ON.
- WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR BLOUSE?
- WHY DON'T YOU TAKE IT EASY?
YOU'RE A LITTLE CRANKY.
YOU'RE TAKING IT OUT ON ME
ABOUT YOUR ICE CREAM.
- I'M THE ONLY ONE
THAT LIKES IT.
WHY WOULD SOMEONE TAKE MY STUFF?
- I'M SORRY
THAT YOU'RE GOING
THROUGH SOMETHING.
- THAT'S WHAT WE'RE SAYING.
- BUT REALLY...
WE'RE ON YOUR TEAM.
- JEEZ.
- HEY.
- HI.
- SO, UM...
I'VE THOUGHT ABOUT IT.
- OKAY, COME ON.
I PUT IT IN HERE. JEEZ.
- YES?
- AND...
YOU CAN GO TO THE SHOW.
- OKAY, THANK YOU SO MUCH.
- BUT, HOWEVER,
11:00 IS THE CUTOFF, OKAY?
11:00. I DON'T CARE
IF YOU'RE BACKSTAGE.
I DON'T CARE
HOW MANY ENCORES THEY'RE DOING.
YOU HAVE TO BE HOME
BY 11:30,
SO I'LL DRIVE YOU
AND I'LL PICK YOU UP,
AND THAT IS THE DEAL.
- OKAY, BUT,
I MEAN, I'LL BE HOME BY 11:30,
BUT CAN I TAKE THE BUS?
- YOU CAN'T TAKE THE BUS.
LISTEN, I'M LETTING YOU GO,
AND THAT'S IT.
SOMEBODY HAS TO DRIVE YOU.
SO, PLEASE, THAT'S ENOUGH.
- YOU'RE RIGHT.
- I'LL DRIVE.
- OKAY.
- WAIT.
WELL...
ARE YOU GONNA GO TO THE SHOW?
- YEAH.
IT'S FINE.
IT'S NOT A PROBLEM.
WHAT?
- YOU KNOW, YOU CAN'T--
- WHAT?
- YOU'D BE SEEING DAD.
- I KNOW.
I GET IT.
IT'S FINE.
- BUT...
- EVERYONE WINS.
OKAY?
- OKAY.
- WE'RE GOOD?
- I'M GONNA GET READY.
- THANK YOU, MOM.
- NO, I'M NOT EATING ANY KALE.
- MM, GOOD KALE.
- I'M READY FOR ICE CREAM.
- YOU HAVE TO HAVE
A COUPLE BITES.
- I'M NOT EATING ANY KALE.
- YOU HAVE TO HAVE
A COUPLE BITES.
DO NOT THROW THE FOOD
ON THE TABLE.
TWO GOOD BITES OF EACH.
- ADAM.
- I WANT YOU TO HAVE KALE,
CHICKEN, AND RICE.
TWO GOOD BITES OF EACH.
[door bangs]
- ONE.
- HEY.
- HI.
GRANDMA DROPPED ME OFF.
- ARE YOU HUNGRY?
ARE YOU?
'CAUSE I HAVE SO MUCH FOOD.
- YEAH.
- YEAH?
- I AM, YEAH.
- NO, HAVE A SEAT.
- I'M DONE.
- YOU HARDLY HAD
YOUR CHICKEN.
HAVE SOME IVII\I%RE CHICKEN.
I HAD FOUR BITES OF CHICKEN.
- WHAT DID I MISS?
- HI, HADDIE.
- HEY.
- WE MADE ICE CREAM.
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TO TRY SOME.
YOU HAVE TO CRANK IT
AT THE END.
- WHY DID YOU GUYS
MAKE ICE CREAM?
- I DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHY YOU HAVE TO CRANK IT.
- WE GOT AN ICE CREAM MAKER.
CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE-CHIP.
- YOU HAVE TO PUT
A LOT OF SALT IN
AND COOK THE MILK
AND ADD CHOCOLATE SYRUP
AND THEN CRANK IT.
- WHY DO YOU COOK THE MILK?
- I DON'T KNOW.
- IT HELPS MIX
ALL THE INGREDIENTS TOGETHER.
- [laughs]
- HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT,
WE HAVE A LOT OF PLATES.
WHAT IF WE PUT
THE BOWLS UP HERE?
I THINK THEY WOULD FIT.
- MM, I DON'T THINK
THAT WORKS
BECAUSE THEN THE BOWLS
DON'T REALLY GET CLEAN,
AND THEN WE'LL HAVE
TO WASH 'EM AGAIN,
WHICH I KNOW
YOU DON'T WANT,
SO IT'S BETTER DOWN HERE.
[speaks under
dishes clattering]
- YEAH, THAT WAS
A TERRIBLE IDEA.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I WAS THINKING.
- WHAT'S GOING ON?
YOU'RE ACTING A LITTLE WEIRD.
HUH?
[plate crashes]
- I CAN'T MARRY SOMEONE
WHO WILL NOT LET ME
MAKE ANY DECISIONS.
OKAY, I'M STARTING
TO REALIZE
THAT YOU ARE VERY CONTROLLING.
I MEAN, HOW WE LOAD
THE DISHWASHER
OR HOW WE UNLOAD GROCERIES
OR THE TOILET PAPER'S
GOT TO BE UP
INSTEAD OF UNDER
'CAUSE YOU LIKE UP
OR THE FACT THAT THERE'S
NO WHOLE MILK IN THE FRIDGE,
WHICH IS WHAT I LIKE.
THE WEDDING.
I'M GETTING
COMPLETELY LOST HERE.
MY IDEAS DON'T EVEN EXIST.
- OKAY.
WELL, THANKS FOR TELLING ME
ALL THAT.
- YOU'RE WELCOME.
- I'M NOT REALLY SURE
WHAT I'M SUPPOSED TO SAY.
- LOOK, I DID NOT MEAN IT
TO COME OUT LIKE THAT.
BUT...
- YOU WANT THIS BACK?
- NO, I DON'T WANT
THE RING BACK.
- THEN WHAT THE HELL DOES
"I CAN'T MARRY A WOMAN
WHO WON'T LET ME MAKE DECISIONS"
MEAN?
- I WAS UPSET, ALL RIGHT?
I'M TRYING TO BE HONEST
WITH YOU.
I CAN'T HOLD IT ANY LONGER.
- YOU WANT TO LOAD
THE DISHWASHER?
- IT'S NOT ABOUT THE DISHWASHER.
- WHAT IS IT?
- IT'S THAT YOU
DON'T LET ME MAKE
ANY DECISIONS.
- I DON'T LET YOU
OR YOU JUST DON'T DO IT?
- YOU DON'T LET ME.
- YOU KNOW WHAT, IF I DIDN'T
TAKE THE LEAD ON THINGS,
NOTHING WOULD GET DONE.
- OH, REALLY?
- SO YOU CAN CALL IT
WHATEVER YOU WANT,
CALL IT BEING CONTROLLING,
WHATEVER--
IT'S CALLED BEING RESPONSIBLE.
SOMETHING YOU NEVER KNEW.
- 'CAUSE YOU FOUND ME
IN A DITCH.
I COULDN'T DO ANYTHING.
I COULDN'T SHOW UP TO WORK
OR BRUSH MY TEETH.
ARE YOU CRAZY?
YOU COULDN'T COMPROMISE
TO SAVE YOUR LIFE.
- I COMPROMISE EVERY DAY.
- REALLY?
WHEN?
YOU DON'T COMPROMISE.
WHEN WERE YOU GONNA TELL ME
ABOUT HAVING THREE MORE KIDS?
- THAT WAS A WORKBOOK EXERCISE,
AND, YOU KNOW, I'M SORRY
THAT MY VISION FOR OUR FAMILY'S
SO TERRIBLE.
I OWE YOU AN APOLOGY.
- YOU'RE JUST GONNA DROP
THOSE THREE KIDS ON MY LAP
LIKE YOU DID JABBAR?
- WHAT ARE YOU--
WOW.
- I DID NOT--
I DON'T MEAN
THAT I REGRET--
- YEAH, YOU KNOW WHAT,
I'M HEARING A LOT OF THINGS
YOU DON'T MEAN TONIGHT.
LIKE, YOU CAN'T MARRY ME.
I DON'T COMPROMISE.
I GUESS I SHOULD RELAX
AND ENJOY
YOUR AMAZING STICK FIGURE PLAN
FOR OUR FAMILY, HUH?
SHOULD I DO THAT?
- YOU ARE SO UNGRATEFUL,
IT'S RIDICULOUS.
- UNGRATEFUL?
HOW DARE YOU?
DON'T YOU CALL ME UNGRATEFUL!
- YEAH, YOU GAVE UP
YOUR AMAZING SINGLE LIFE FOR US.
YOU WANT TO HAVE IT ALL.
YOU WANT ME TO PLAN EVERYTHING
AND THEN YOU WANT
TO BLAME ME FOR IT.
- I CAN'T TALK TO YOU.
- THEN DON'T.
- YEAH, I'M NOT GOING TO.
- [sobs]
- I'M LEAVING YOU, BABY
I AIN'T COMING BACK
FOR YOU
GO, MAN!
- THE '805 CALLED.
THEY WANT
THEIR LEATHER SUIT BACK.
- IT'S NOT A SUIT.
THAT'S A VEST AND PANTS.
- IT'S ALMOST A SUIT.
A VEST AND PANTS
IS ONE PIECE AWAY FROM A SUIT.
[cheers and applause]
- THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
IT'S GOOD TO BE BACK HERE
ON OUR HOME TURF.
[cheers]
I WANT TO DO A SONG
THAT WE HAVEN'T DONE
IN QUITE A WHILE.
IN FACT, I WROTE THIS ONE
WITH MY EX-WIFE.
THAT'S ALL I'M GONNA SAY
ABOUT THAT.
- WHAT IS THIS?
- IT GOES JUST LIKE THIS.
LITTLE FINGERS
LITTLE TOES
YOUR FOREHEAD
MY NOSE
I SEE YOU
NO MATTER HOW FAR AWAY
YOU ARE TONIGHT
MM, IT'S ALL RIGHT
PLAY IT, MAN!
- OKAY, FIRST OF ALL,
WE'RE GLAD YOU'RE HOME.
- SO HAPPY.
- ME TOO.
- MM-HMM.
- AND WE WOULD LIKE TO TALK
ABOUT WHAT'S GOING ON
AND WHERE WE GO FROM HERE.
- OKAY.
WHEN YOU GO OUT WITH ALEX,
WE NEED TO KNOW
WHERE YOU ARE AT ALL TIMES.
THERE'S NO SNEAKING AROUND.
THERE'S NO MYSTERY DATING.
AND YOU'RE ONLY ALLOWED
TO GO OUT WITH HIM
TWICE A WEEK.
- TWICE.
- FINE.
AND YOUR SCHOOLWORK
HAS TO COME FIRST AS ALWAYS.
- YEAH.
- IT DOES.
- AND WHEN YOU DO GO OUT,
WE WANT TO HAVE A CURFEW.
THAT'S GONNA BE NON-NEGOTIABLE.
- WOULDN'T WANT TO NEGOTIATE.
- AND WE ARE NOT COMFORTABLE
WITH YOU GOING
TO HIS APARTMENT.
- NOT AT ALL.
- AT ALL.
OKAY, YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED
TO GO THERE.
YOU CAN GO TO A MOVIE
OR DINNER
OR YOU CAN SPEND TIME HERE.
- I UNDERSTAND.
- THOSE ARE YOUR OPTIONS.
- YEAH.
- AGREED?
- MM-HMM.
- YOU GET IT?
- YEAH.
- 'CAUSE WE LOVE YOU
AND WE WANT
TO TRUST YOU.
- WE DO TRUST YOU.
- WE DO.
- OKAY.
- OKAY?
- MM-HMM.
- FAIR?
[exclaims]
- WELCOME HOME, HONEY.
- THANK YOU.
- I CAN'T BELIEVE
WE'RE DOING THIS.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
HE INVITED US BACKSTAGE.
- BACKSTAGE. COOL.
I MEAN, CAN'T YOU JUST CALL HIM
TOMORROW...
- HAVE YOU EVER BEEN BACKSTAGE
BEFORE?
- AND SAY, "THAT WAS SO FUN."
ROCK AND ROLL.
WHOOPS.
EXCUSE ME.
- SORRY, GUYS.
- OH, BOY.
GET IN THERE,
DON'T YOU HAVE--
YOU HAVE THE RAPPORT
WITH HIM.
GO SAY HI.
- HEY.
- HEY, DAD.
- YOU MADE IT.
- YEAH.
- ALL RIGHT.
WOW.
HONEY.
- HI.
- I MEAN, THIS GUY GROWS
LIKE A WEED, BUT YOU'RE--
WOW, YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL.
- OKAY.
- JEEZ.
HEY, LOUIE, LOUIE.
THESE ARE MY KIDS,
DREW AND AMBER.
- NICE TO MEET YOU.
HOW'D YOU LIKE THE SHOW?
- IT WAS GREAT.
IT WAS REALLY GOOD.
- THIS IS TARA,
OUR GUITAR PLAYER.
MY KIDS, MAN.
- NICE TO MEET YOU.
- THIS IS MJ, MY MANAGER.
REMEMBER?
- HEY, DREW.
IT'S NICE TO MEET YOU.
- HI. HOW ARE YOU?
- I HAVEN'T SEEN YOU GUYS
SINCE YOU WERE BABIES.
- YES.
NEITHER HAS HE.
- OH, GOSH,
YOU CAN SEE THE RESEMBLANCE.
- I KNOW, RIGHT?
WOW.
- SAY HI TO YOUR MOM FOR ME.
- OKAY.
- THANKS FOR COMING.
DID YOU LIKE IT?
- YEAH, IT WAS GREAT.
- WELL, I GUESS
IT'S TIME TO GO, RIGHT?
'CAUSE IT'S, LIKE, CURFEW TIME.
- WE STILL HAVE TIME.
- YEAH, NO, I THINK
IT'S DEFINITELY TIME.
- IT'S NOT EVEN THAT LATE.
- YOU KNOW
HOW MOM GETS.
- I DO. IT'S COOL.
IT'S COOL.
NEXT TIME,
WE'LL DO A SHORTER SET.
THEN WE CAN HANG.
OR YOU COME EARLY,
AND WE'LL HAVE
A LITTLE DIM SUM.
- YEAH.
- I MEAN,
I WANT YOU TO COME BACK.
- I WILL.
- OKAY.
- HONEY, I WANT YOU
TO COME BACK TOO.
- MAYBE SOME OTHER YEAR.
- HEY, THANK YOU
FOR BEING HERE TONIGHT.
IT MEANS A LOT TO ME.
- OKAY.
- ALL RIGHT.
BYE, YOU GUYS.
- YOU'RE NOT GONNA SAY
A WORD,
YOU'RE NOT GONNA MAKE
A MOVE UNLESS I TELL YOU.
YOU GET THAT?
- THERE'S NOBODY
LIKE THE DUKE.
- NOBODY, DAD.
- NOBODY.
LOOK AT THE GUY.
HE'S GOT ALL THE COMMAND.
HE'S GOT THE POSTURE.
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE TO BELIEVE
THAT HIS GIVEN NAME WAS MARION.
- DAD, I--
- MARION MORRISON.
- I KNOW, DAD.
HEY.
- ...THAT GUY WAS WEARING?
- NO, I'M NOT SAYING
THAT I LIKED IT,
BUT IT WAS THE ENTIRE THING
THAT I LIKED.
- HOW WAS IT?
HOW WAS IT?
- IT WAS AMAZING.
- IT WAS FINE.
- SO GOOD.
IT WAS MAGNIFICENT.
- MY GOD, YOU MAKE IT SOUND
LIKE IT'S, LIKE, RADIOHEAD
OR SOMETHING.
IT WAS NOT, YOU KNOW--
- OKAY, WELL.
IT WAS VERY FUN.
- DID YOU GO BACKSTAGE?
- YES, WE DID.
THERE'S A NEW BASS PLAYER.
HIS NAME'S LOUIE.
HE'S UNBELIEVABLE,
AND MJ SAID TO SAY HI.
- OH.
- YOU SHOULD PROBABLY GO WRITE
ABOUT IT IN YOUR DIARY.
- HEY, HEY.
- YOU ARE VERY RIGHT.
I WILL SEE YOU GUYS LATER.
HEY, THANKS, MOM.
GOOD NIGHT.
- GOOD NIGHT.
SURE.
- OKAY.
- NIGHT.
- GOOD NIGHT, YOU LITTLE COWBOY
AND COWGIRL.
- YEAH.
[television chatter]
- [clears throat]
[television chatter continues]
- YOUR MOTHER IS NOT
THE ONLY ONE WHO KNOWS HER WAY
AROUND A PANCAKE, OKAY?
I'VE GOT SOME--
I'VE GOT SOME MAD SKILLS
OF MY OWN HERE.
- MOM DOESN'T KNOW--
- LET'S CHECK THIS OUT NOW.
NOW, THAT IS A FLAPJACK.
- [laughing] FLAPJACK.
- WHAT'S GOING ON WITH YOU?
- MAX, HAVE YOU EVER HEARD
OF A PANCAKE SANDWICH?
- A SANDWICH IS WITH BREAD.
- NOT ALL SANDWICHES
ARE WITH BREAD.
YOU'RE ABOUT TO BE
VERY SURPRISED, MY BOY.
- ALL GOOD SANDWICHES
ARE WITH BREAD.
- IF I TRY THIS,
WILL I GET STICKERS?
- YES.
- YOU'LL GET A TROPHY.
- TAKE A BIG BITE.
- THERE WE GO.
[spits]
- MMM.
GOOD STUFF.
- DAD, HADDIE'S HOME.
THAT MEANS I CAN PLAY BASKETBALL
WITH ALEX.
HADDIE, PLEASE CALL ALEX AND
TELL HIM TO MEET US AT A PARK.
- HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT, MAX,
I'LL TAKE YOU TO THE PARK.
- OH, MY GOD. OKAY.
RIGHT AWAY.
- NO, ALEX
IS A MUCH BETTER TEACHER.
I'M COOKING MYSELF
SOME EGGS, MOM.
- NO, YOU'RE NOT.
- YES, I AM.
I LEARNED HOW TO DO IT
ON THE FOOD CHANNEL.
NO, I'M GONNA MAKE MYSELF EGGS.
[Bowerbirds' Northern Lights]
- I DON'T NEED FROM YOU
A WATERFALL
OF CARELESS PRAISE
AND I DON'T NEED
A TROPHY
FOR ALL THE GAMES I PLAY
BUT ALL I WANT
IS YOUR EYES
IN THE MORNING
AS WE WAKE
FOR A SHORT WHILE
AND I DO NEED THE WIND
ACROSS MY PALE FACE
AND I DO NEED THE FERN
TO UNFURL IN THE SPRING
AND I DO NEED THE GRASS
TO SWAY
YES, I DO NEED
TO KNOW MY PLACE
ALL I WANT
IS YOUR EYES
IN THE MORNING
AS WE WAKE
FOR A SHORT WHILE